Front,Back,Tags
"What was the Supreme Court's ruling in Trump v. Barbara regarding birthright citizenship?","The Court ruled that lower federal courts overstepped by issuing a universal (nationwide) injunction against Trump's executive order ending birthright citizenship, allowing portions of the order to take effect while the constitutional issue remained unresolved.","trump-v-barbara birthright-citizenship constitutional-law hard 2025-2026"
"What cases did the Supreme Court hear regarding transgender rights in sports?","Little v. Hecox and West Virginia v. B.P.J. - cases challenging state laws restricting transgender girls and women from participating in women's and girls' sports under the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","transgender-sports little-v-hecox west-virginia-v-bpj constitutional-rights medium 2025-2026"
"What was the Supreme Court's decision in United States v. Skrmetti?","The Court upheld Tennessee's law banning gender-affirming hormone therapy or puberty blockers for transgender minors, ruling it did not violate the Equal Protection Clause.","skrmetti transgender-medical-care constitutional-rights hard 2025-2026"
"What did the Supreme Court decide in Free Speech Coalition v. Paxton?","The Court applied intermediate scrutiny and allowed Texas's law requiring online publishers of sexually explicit content to verify users as 18+ to stand, as it aimed to protect minors despite burdening some adult speech.","free-speech-coalition-v-paxton first-amendment internet-regulation hard 2025-2026"
"What is the issue in Louisiana v. Callais?","Whether creating a second Black-majority congressional district violated the Voting Rights Act or Equal Protection Clause (decision pending).","louisiana-v-callais voting-rights medium 2025-2026"
"What constitutional question does Trump v. Cook address?","Whether the President can remove leaders of certain independent agencies (like the Federal Reserve) without cause, testing executive versus independent agency powers.","trump-v-cook presidential-authority constitutional-law hard 2025-2026"
"What did the Supreme Court decide regarding untraceable ghost guns?","The Court upheld a federal ban on untraceable ghost guns constructed from kits, citing interests in public safety.","ghost-guns gun-regulations medium 2025-2026"
"What was the Supreme Court's ruling in City and County of San Francisco v. EPA?","The Court curtailed EPA's authority under the Clean Water Act, requiring more specific permit mandates rather than general water quality permitting requirements.","san-francisco-v-epa environmental-law hard 2025-2026"
"What did the Supreme Court decide in Doe v. Dynamic Physical Therapy?","The Court reversed the lower court's decision concerning liability immunities for health care providers during public health emergencies.","doe-v-dynamic-physical-therapy healthcare-law medium 2025-2026"
"What was the issue in Bost v. Illinois State Board of Elections?","The case addressed whether candidates have standing to challenge election vote-counting rules.","bost-v-illinois-state-board-of-elections election-law medium 2025-2026"
